HOME

Hi, I'm Simon Lippitt

Mathematics Tutor / Student
Located: Belleville, ON

I believe there is a mathematician inside of everyone. 

I am dedicated to helping students reach their full potential and acheive academic success.

With my extensive background in mathematics, and passion for helping others, 
I specialize in suppourting students of all levels.

My tutoring approach is centered on fostering a deep understanding of mathematical concepts 
while building problem-solving skills and confidence.

Whether it be preparing for an exam, needing help with homework, I offer patient guidance and tailor my lessons to 
meet students' individual needs.

Ready to elevate your math skills? Learn more below.


ABOUT

Who am I?

I'm currently studying at Wilfrid Laurier University doing a double major 
in Mathematics and Computer Science.

I have experience tutoring, coaching sports, lifeguarding, and developing software.

I have loved math since I was a kid. I would get extra worksheets from teachers, and I learned how to 
solve the rubick's cube in Grade 4.

I grew up in Belleville, Ontario and graduated from Nicholeson Catholic College.

In highschool I was a member of the Men's Basketball team, and was heavily involved in the community.

When I was in Grade 12, I began studying with a tutor to cover math material I missed over the pandemic.

His positive impact inspired me to start helping others with mathematics, as his guidance helped
give me confidence moving foreword in my studies.


SERVICES

Here's how I can help.

My tutoring services cover a wide range of mathematical subjects, here are a few examples:

Foundations:
    Arithmetic, Fractions, Decimals, Algebra
Algebra and Geometry:
    Linear Algebra, Quadratics, Trigonometry, Coordinates
Advanced Math:
    Calculus, Statistics, Physics
Computer Science:
    Functional Programming, Data Structures, Algorithms


I tailor my lessons to each student's preferred learning style.

I feel this is important, as the traditional classroom style doesn't work for everyone.

Lessons are available in person (Belleville Area) or Remote via Zoom.


CONTACT

How to book with me.


You can email me at Lipp2454@mylaurier.ca

Include in your email:

Who is the tutoring for? 
Is there anything you are preparing for?
How often do you want lessons?
Remote or In Person?










